sb M moved to the united states as a teenager.
the ajust man to a new place was difficult.
M said she was a brandy teenager as a result,but it was not just ajust man that affected her behavior.
M said there was another major stress in her life at that time.
She is the only member of her family who spoke English.
Being in a country that my family doesn't speak Spanish,  my parents some really speak English, so my parents try to give me responsibilities.   她念的是some  还是 don't，我听的是some
Along with Spanish and English, M also speaks porchigis.
But there is another universal language she learn to love as a child, art.
M connected with drawing and painting well  in school.  while  听成了well
But she mostly dissmissed art as a path to a crior.  career
She said her dad always say : think about the furture.
M did not think that he would support the study of art once she went to college.
But to her surprise, it was her parents who suggested just that .
They urged her to apply to technical * art schools. liberal 
*
R as it is called chose M as well.
She enrolled  in a dencianal design.   industrial   
 *
M says the course of study was tough, including mental working, wood working, model making.  metal / mental
She says in one class ,she just *jew cupes* for entire month. drew cubes  ,which led her to a question.
Do i really want to  do this?
But she said she survived the cube study.
Then begin working on more intresing projects.
*
M is now a design strateger for  macial moya  design.  an argitecture and interior design company in washingtondc. 
Her work is to find the best solutions for encliey need. a client 
She also support argitecture team and branding departments.  branding department.
*
M also has a long lived and deep intreset in public art 
they share she help creat a design of walk way for the DC goverment.   this year 听成了 they share
*
the creation is a elevent meter long tunnel like structure.
it was built to narrow sharply as a walker move through.
Bright light change color along the path.
on the walls are images of  people.
voices and city sounds are played through speaker's installed  in the walk way.
at first, the recorded conversation and street noise and pictures have the positive fail.  feel 听成了 fail.
but the images and audio increase  intensity  along the path.
the experiece becomes dark and  * in the middle part of the walkway. violent
*
For M, the form of structure created the greatest impact.
She enjoyed deeloping public art in her free time too.
*
